DOCSP-45194: Retrieve data (#96)
mongodb/docs-ruby: source/read.txt

.. _ruby-read:

======================
Read Data from MongoDB
======================

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

.. facet::
   :name: genre
   :values: reference
 
.. meta::

>    :description: Learn how to use the Ruby driver to read data to MongoDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Learn how to use the {+driver-short+} to read data from MongoDB.
```
